Flask Lab 2
In this lab we’ll be implementing a simple survey web app using Flask.
The general concepts we’ll be covering are:
	* Routing
	* Templating
	* Passing Parameters
	* Sessions

We will walk through this lab in class and for homework you should redesign the questions and the survey and get creative. Also, make the e-mail link work and send the survey results to us!

Requirements
1. Download the flaskLab2.zip file from bCourses>Files>Labs

Creating a login page
	2. Open the ‘login.html’ template in your text editor
		a. Make this file an extension of the ‘base.html’ template
		b. Make sure the HTML in this file is replacing the block called ‘content’ in the ‘base.html’ template
		c. Use the existing form and create form inputs that capture the user’s name and email
		d. Make the form submit to the ‘/login’ endpoint
Creating a session
	3. Open the ‘views.py’ file in your text editor
		a. Find the route for ‘/login’
		b. Within the ‘login()’ function, if the request method is POST
			i. set the session’s ‘username’ key to whatever the user entered for their username
			ii. Redirect the user to the ‘index’ route
Extending and reusing content from the ‘base.html’ template for the ‘survey.html’ template
	4. Open the ‘survey.html’ template in your text editor
		a. Make this file an extension of the ‘base.html’ template
		b. The HTML in this file for the form with the id of ‘logout’ is currently replacing the entire contents of the <header> tag in the ‘base.html’ template. Using the super() function, pull in the original contents of the <header> tag from the ‘base.html’ template
		c. Make sure the HTML in this file from the <h1> and down is replacing the block called ‘content’ in the ‘base.html’ template

Creating an Ajax request with the user’s form inputs from ‘survey.html’
	5. Open the ‘interaction.js’ script in your text editor
		a. Notice that the button from the ‘survey.html’ template with the id ‘submit-survey’ has a click event binding
		b. Also notice that there are variable declarations for each of the form input fields
		c. Create a $.post() Ajax request within this ‘click’ event handler
			i. The url for this Ajax request should point to ‘submit-survey’
			ii. The data parameter of this Ajax request should be an object whose key-value pairs correspond to the variables for each form input field
			iii. The success function for this Ajax request should set the innerHTML of document.body.parentNode to the response data object
Rendering the survey results via Flask
	6. Go back to the ‘views.py’ file in your text editor
		a. Find the route for ‘/submit-survey’
		b. You’ll notice that an empty object has been assigned to the variable name ‘surveyResponse’
		c. You’ll also notice that ‘fe-before’ and ‘fe-after’ keys in the ‘surveyResponse’ object have been assigned values that correspond to values in the data object we passed in from step 5 above.
			i. Assign the keys ‘color’, ‘food’, and ‘vacation’ for the ‘surveyResponse’ object to corresponding values from the passed-in data object in a similar fashion
	7.  You should now be able to do the following:
		a. Log into this simple survey web app with a username and email
		b. Take the survey
		c. See the survey results displayed

